Doc: Change reference to docs.brew.sh (#105726)
Homebrew/homebrew-cask: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Additionally, **if adding a new cask**:

- [ ] Named the cask according to the [token reference](https://docs.brew.sh/Cask-Cookbook#token-reference).
- [ ] Checked the cask was not [already refused](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/search?q=is%3Aclosed&type=Issues).

> - [ ] Checked the cask is submitted to [the correct repo](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/blob/master/doc/development/adding_a_cask.md#finding-a-home-for-your-cask).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Checked the cask is submitted to [the correct repo](https://docs.brew.sh/Acceptable-Casks#finding-a-home-for-your-cask).
```
